Refresh this doc in preparation for 2023-H2 PyTorch Community Docathon (#2612)
pytorch/tutorials: CONTRIBUTING.md

  non-interactive.

## Interactive (notebook) vs Non-interactive (reStructuredText) ##

We prefer interactive (notebook) based tutorials for PyTorch. Their

> interactive nature enhances their pedagogical value. Also, because these

Reviewer: Suggesting to say something like: 
```suggestion
interactive nature makes it easier for our users to learn PyTorch. Also, because these
```

1. Address all feedback comments from your reviewers.
1. Make sure all CI checks are passing.

## Previewing your docs ##

The CI system on GitHub generates a preview build of the tutorials that
includes your changes. The **pytorch-bot** will post on the page for
your PR with a link to the preview. If the CI checks have completed, and

> you still don't see the link, try refreshing the page.

Reviewer: you can add:
```
Your PR will be available at https://docs-preview.pytorch.org/pytorch/tutorials/<PR-number>/index.html
```
